docs: Tyk Pump 1.14.1 release notes.mdx (#1875)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: developer-support/release-notes/pump.mdx

## 1.14 Release Notes

### 1.14.1 Release Notes

> #### Release Date xx 2026

Author: Date Missing

> #### Release Date xx 2026

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Release Date 20th April 2026
```

#### Release Highlights

> This release fixes some CVEs to enhance system stability and security.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this release, we have updated Tyk Pump to Golang 1.25 for enhanced security and performance.
```

| [Redis](https://redis.io/download/)                       | 6.x - 7.0         | 6.x - 7.x                | 
| [Valkey](https://valkey.io/download/)                     | 8.0.x, 8.1.x      | 7.2.x, 8.0.x, 8.1.x      |                            

Given the time difference between your upgrade and the release of this version, we recommend customers verify the ongoing support of third-party dependencies they install, as their status may have changed since the release.

#### Deprecations

There are no deprecations in this release.

#### Upgrade instructions

For users currently on v1.14.0, we strongly recommend promptly upgrading to the latest release. 
Go to the [Upgrading Tyk](#upgrading-tyk) section for detailed upgrade Instructions.

#### Downloads
- [Docker Image v1.14.1](https://hub.docker.com/r/tykio/tyk-pump-docker-pub/tags?page=&page_size=&ordering=&name=v1.14.1)
  - ```bash
    docker pull tykio/tyk-pump-docker-pub:v1.14.1
    ```
- Source code tarball for OSS - [GH Tyk Pump Repo](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-pump/releases/tag/v1.14.1)

#### Changelog
<a id="Changelog-v1.14.1" data-scroll-offset></a>

> 

Reviewer 2: Need to add Go 1.25 update (can use same wording as TIB, adjusted for Pump)

##### Security Fixes

<AccordionGroup>

<Accordion title='CVE fixed'>

> Addressed the following CVEs, providing increased protection against security

Reviewer 2: Need to confirm with Asutosh
